Ancient History of Oceanus

In 2217 (TBC) Mankind manage to establish a colony on the "surface" of Neptune.
Constructing a structure of collosal size to house a nations worth of scientists, crew
and menials to conduct research operations on Neptune, the people of Earth managed to
establish their third inter-planetery colony.

However 50 Years after the establishment of the colony it was cut off. No-one alive on
Neptune in the present day knows why. But what is known is that Neptune has had no contact
with people outside of Oceanus for over two hundred and fifty years.

At various points after the colony found itself alone the people of the station began
splitting themselves up into their own nations, by 2517 (TBC) there are three independant
nations and a further three vassalized nations.

Avarice:

Avarcian History stretches beyond the foundations of both Zion and Eden, the founder of
Avarice is said to have been the last Governor of Oceanus appointed by the people of Earth
before abadonment. In the early days of panic after being cut off the Governor used his
authority to secure resources for his favourite comrades, while severely rationing the
supplies of others on the station, those that benefitted from the Governors rule were tasked
with ensuring the others on the station continued to listen to the Governers Authority.
While some fought against this rule most submitted hoping for a return in communication
from Earth, for many years the Kingdom of Avarice sprawled over the whole station.

Over time this evolved into a strict caste system. With most people in Avarice being
considered peasants, those in the Governers inner circle became Nobles over this state.
The Avarician Constitution declared the title of Governor to be hereditary, at some point
one of the Avarician Governors deciding to change their title to Serene Doge to better
reflect their ultimate power over the station.

One Hundred Years into the isolation of Neptune a new Serene Doge was crowned, a particularly
weak and corrupt individual who preyed on the lesser citizens in his realm and established
the Elite Avarician Royal Guard to protect him and to conduct operations in his name.

Soon after unrest in the state on Avarice reached an all new high. The Kingdom suffered from
numerous rebellions and over the course of a twenty year civil war Avarice declined to new
coalitions of its subjects, only the Capital, (Once the Centre of Government for Oceanus
as a research station, built outside of the main structure of Oceanus and requiring special
access tunnels to get to) ostentatiously named Avarice remained under control of the Serene
Doge who became increasingly insane as the Kingdom inherited by his ancestors for over a century
was broken apart around him. The Serene Doge's final acts on the "mainland" of Oceanus were
to gather as many of his former subjects as he could, herd them to Avarice and lock down
the population using the Royal Guard. No-one is sure as to the reason for this for the Serene
Doge was killed by his son shortly after. This ended the Avarician Civil War with numerous
nations and tribes springing up in their former lands, however it also locked those citizens
brought to Avarice within the city. Ever since Avarice has been in a state of martial Law
with the people of Avarice regularly starving under the oppressive regimes of successive
Serene Doges.

Currently Avarice has been on the brink of mass starvation for many decades since the Avarican
Civil War. The people of Avarice are known as both the most misfortunate and dangerous of all
population centres. Murder and theft being the only way for many Avaricians to survive has
led to a population of moral-less and highly skilled monsters barely kept in check by the
Avarician Royal Guard. The Guard themselves are the only remenant of old Avarice, the cost to
train and equip these soldiers is enormous to the Avarican treasury but between the need to
control the struggling population of Avarcian peasants and the ever present need to show
their pride in the old Avarician Kindgom has led to the notion of disbanding or reducing the
cost of the Guard to be ignored.


Aftermath of the Avarician Civil War

On the "mainland" of Oceanus the removal of the Avarician Kingdom that had dominated the region
for so long the people of Oceanus began to establish their own small nations and tribes of
like minded people. From this mass of civilisation two Nations became dominant in their Regions
of Oceanus.

Zion

The Northern Portion of Oceanus was once the home of the laboratories of Neptune and under
Avarice this region had been used to produce most of the tools and weapons for Avarice.
In this region the people were descenedents of Labourers and Scientists with little to no
national identity. The tribes of the Northern Region of Oceanus were established rich in the
weapons and armour of their trade.

From an unexpected corner came Zion. Not the largest nor best well known tribe in Northern
Oceanus none could have expected the rise of Zion to become the sole owner of all Northern
territory.
The chief of the tribe that would become Zion was not the strongest of his tribe as with most
but the most intelligent. The Woman who founded Zion was the top scientist and researcher
by the time of the fall of Avarice, she had been given full access to the history of old
Earth and quickly became attached to the stories of early Empires and their Legions.
In the newly christened Zion the people who had been men and woman of science became leaders
while the rest were taught to consider Honour, Bravery and respecting the Chain of command to
be core elements of their being.

Zion also had easy access to weapons that they had previously produced for Avarice which when
combined with the encouragement of an upper class of warriors led by highly intelligent
and charismatic leaders allowed Zion to beat its nearby competitors and easily fold them into
its own ranks, as unlike the Nations of the South the tribes of the North had not developed
an expansive culture and so easily adopted the way of life offered by their conquerors.

Despite its small population Zion managed to carve a Nation out of the Northern region of
Oceanus because every member of its society could take up arms and fight with the skill
of trained soldiers, backed up by the warrior caste system of Zion which meant they were one
of very few to possess full time soldiers as well as potentially levying a well trained
citizen militia when required.

Although Zion was a fearsome warlike nation the minds leading the nation were happy to
make friendly relations with other tribes that had grown enough to potentially defeat
Zion to appease them and ensure the survival of a mindset what was increasingly growing
in the Zion population which told them that only the Zionites were true successors of the
old Avarice Empire and the almost mythological old Earth.

However this model was ultimately unsustainable, with such emphasis on military honour many
Zionites began losing respect for their leaders coming from scientific backgrounds. On the
death of Zion's fourth Chief the succession of Zion's leadership was interupted by the
then Legate of Zion, a Man of the People who found no opposition from the worryingly
blood thirsty citizens. Challenging everyone looking to claim leadership over Zion to illegal
personal combat, several of the scientists in the upper echelon of Zions government were
slaughtered, and Legate Zhao became Lord Commander of the People's Will Anton Zhao.

Zhao's inauguration preceded Zion's most impressive period of border expansion, Zhao used
the alliances his predecessors had built with the tribes of the North to help him annex
every other Northern state. With Zion the undisputed power of Northern Oceanus Zhao turned
on Zions strongest ally, then the others one by one. The names of these powers left
unremembered by History and the land, people and material of their nations appropriated
by Zion.

With the North subjugated Zhao has allowed Zion to recover from his excessive wars for five
years. But now with Zion at the peak of its power Zhao has turned his gaze to the South
for as every Zionite knows, they are the true successors of old Avarice and old Earth,
with the right to rule all of Oceanus.

Eden

